Add new logging docs (#2254)
PowerShell/vscode-powershell: docs/troubleshooting.md

  vscode-powershell@microsoft.com. Please still open an issue though
  so we can track the work &mdash; other users may have the same issue.

#### Provide Language Server Protocol payload logs

> 

Reviewer: Should we specify that this only applies to certain versions of the extension i.e. if you have 2019-10 or above?

Author: added!

The PowerShell extension works mostly from sending and receiving messages from [PowerShell Editor Services](httos://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShellEditorServices).

> If we need more information, we may ask to see the payloads of these messages. To do this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In some cases, getting to the bottom of a bug will require looking at the payloads of these messages. To do this:
```

Reviewer 2: Makes it sound less like we're adversely exercising a contact
